444444444444444444444

Write a 1 to 1.5 page essay describing the ways computing technology effect social and economic between people.  
Explain how digital computing both disrupts and reinforces existing social relations.
Describe the possible role of digital computing in fighting poverty and supporting economic development.

  Computing technology develops very fast in the past few decades, and it has a large impact to our society. Technology makes 
our communication more easy and fast, from audio connection(voice call) to multimedia connection(video call). Website can 
now manage our bank account and also has a real time access to the stock market, but it brings both advantages and disadvantages
to social and economic between people too.

  For social relationship, there is a famous quote from Albert Einstein "I fear the day that technology would surpass human 
interaction. The world will have a generation of idiots." This shows how Einstein successfully predict the technology disrupts
social relations. In the real life, we can see this situation everywhere, such as: restaurant, metro, street... People using 
their phone in almost all occasion. Which many and many human interactions that should have be done being vanished. Also it 
cause more new problems to people too, like: private information is stolen for business purpose, some people just stay in 
their home using computer and doesn't go out or having normal social activity, phobia caused by hacking and threat... And it
is hard to prevent illegal activity on the internet due to the many possibilities that computing technology gives us. The only 
thing we can do is to educate people how to protect themselves, such as: Don't put too many personal informations in the
internet, don't easily trust people that you don't know, held more activities the promote real life social communications...
  
  On the other side, technology also reinforces our social relationship with a premise that people use technology in a positive
way. Although technology gives a negative impact to our society, but we have to admit that our communication have strongly 
reinforce by the rapid development of it. More and more different activities is developed and held in the same time. More 
communications and events have been done in the network. Making people knowing each other or making new friends easily and 
widely. Many knowledge, history, news and ideas are shared, sublimated, recorded and discussed in the internet. All of these
are making our world more civilized and educated.

  For the possible role of digital computing in fighting poverty and supporting economic development. There are many successful
examples: such as the the creator of Apple Inc., Steve Jobs; the creator of facebook, Mark Zuckerberg; the creator of 
minecraft, Markus Persson. There are so many possibilities that technology gives us, and many people have make profit from it,
the key point is do you have the capacity to see and take the chance. As the previous paragraph says, more things can be done 
in the same time. It brings impact to the economic too. Such as online market, like ebay, amazon, money flows more fast due to 
the rapid growth of technology. Also essential economic tools such as the online stock market that we have mention before, in 
the old days people can only access the stock price from exchanges and newspaper, so it is very good tools for investors. As 
many event is happening in the network, fundraising for difference purpose has been done too, such as: kickstarter, a 
platform for creative projects and many charities' websites too.

  In this rapid develop of technology era, new technology always come with positive and negative effect. The way to protect us
is to be aware to your privacy, also use the internet with good premise.
  
